hi girls um I just wanted to do a quick
review and product recommendation on the
BH Cosmetics fresh set that I just
received in the mail yesterday because I
did order the it's duty time palette so
stay tuned for a review on that palette
and actually look using the cheetah
stamp out too but I wanted to talk about
the brush it that I just got that I
ordered because when I was looking at
the its Judi time palette I noticed that
they had other things on sale so I
wanted to review this before it goes off
sale for anybody who wants to purchase
brushes these brushes are really good
quality I wouldn't say that they're the
best or those other top quality brushes
but they do the job perfectly I used it
in conjunction with my it's duty time
palette and I love how the brushes
worked so they come in a little packet
like this and there's it opens like this
so that's good for traveling and it's
upside down and then there's 12 brushes
and I think I paid somewhere from 9 to
12 dollars I'm not sure all the way up
with the price around here and I'll also
put it down below but it was a steal
like this is a steal for anybody who
wants good quality brushes and is just
starting out and doesn't want to spend a
lot of money on brushes this set is
really good
it comes with a fluffy brush like so so
this could be a powder blush brush blush
whatever you want it to be and the
handles by pretty sturdy I mean they're
really sturdy and it's really really
soft so yeah then I use this as a blush
brush and a bronzer brush and again
really good quality so that's the other
brush that it comes with really soft and
then it comes with this pointing or
brush so it's like pointed
and this is really good also for the
corner of the eyes or even under the
eyes and then it comes with a fan brush
I'm just going to go through these
quickly you know just to show you really
really soft and really soft I love it
and sturdy doesn't feel cheap at all and
then and it also comes with this brush
here I don't know
none of these brushes have names but
it's kind of like tapered into a v-shape
at the top so you can like pack on
eyeshadow with this or even blend out a
shadow in the corner of your eyes can
even go under your lash line with this
because it's so thin and pointed and
then this brush here which is really
thin can use this as an eyeliner brush
can use this to do eyeliner to go under
the lash line it's really versatile then
this flat top dense brush see that this
is also good for eyeliner filling in
your eyeliner can you mean to your
eyebrows with this or under your lash
line you can do anything with it and
this angled brush which I really love
for doing my eyebrows it's my new
favorite brush for my eyebrows can also
use it for eyeliner it's really amazing
it's really really dense and packed in
so it's really good for eyeliner and
doing your eyebrows and then this brush
here
so this brush is also really good for
packing on eyeshadow on your eyelid and
then this really thin brush which can be
used for eyeliner and it can be used for
lip liner and then it came with a
spoolie which is really dense and really
does come on your eyebrows really well
actually
last brush which is a dual ended brush
and it has a little comb here and then a
plastic comb there you can use this for
your eyebrows can use this for your eye
lashes it's multi-purpose and those are
all the brushes the only thing that it
didn't come with it was a fluffy
blending brush so I have mines here I
think that's the only thing that's
missing from this kit other than that it
comes with all the brushes that you can
that you would need to start your makeup
collection and this is how it looks all
closed up so for the price this actually
smells like plastic in nail-polish
though and just be warned from the smell
it smells really weird but the smell is
going away as the days go by I've had it
for like three days so it doesn't smell
that bad but all the brushes in here
feel really good and soft and they feel
like sturdy and and good quality and for
the price I mean twelve brushes I think
I paid nine to twelve dollars again I'll
put the price there so it's really good
I just wanted to put that out there
before the sale one away I wanted to let
you girls know what I thought about it
just in case you're in the market for
buying a brush set that was cheap and
that you can just throw in your travel
bag take with you and if you didn't use
and not care about those are actually
really good brushes so I hope you
enjoyed my product review and I will
link everything down below where you can
purchase these brushes and I really do
recommend them I
they're really good I did my makeup with
them today and they work great they do
the job so carand I just want to let you
guys know the wrong spelling they're
amazing so if you want to go get some
precious go and get them so thanks for
watching subscribe for my next review
which is going to be on their eyeshadows
and it's GT time palette and I bought an
eyeshadow set from them that is the 120
color eyeshadow palette and it has 120
colors and it was also on sale and it's
really really good so I recommend that
too if you're going to go shopping on
beach cosmetics calm those two items
were my favorite from everything I
ordered and I got the it's GT time
palette and I got this brush set and I
got the 120 color palette and I got a BH
Cosmetics eyeliner here is the eyeliner
and out of everything my favorite thing
from all my purchases were this brush
set and my 120 eye palette color thingy
I would show but it's helping hold my
camera right now so I recommend those
two things so thanks for watching I hope
you enjoyed my review everything will be
linked down below please subscribe and
stay tuned for more videos bye